[source-kafka] Fix subcommand's long, short, Use values and update docs (#65)
knative/client-contrib: plugins/source-kafka/README.md

#### SEE ALSO

* [kafka create](#kafka-create)	 - Create a kafka source

> * [kafka delete](#kafka-delete)	 - Delete a Kafka source

Reviewer: Sorry but still seeing "Delete a Kafka source" which is not consistent with the "kafka" spelling. Am I missing something?

Author: change all command output to lower case, except the first word of a sentence.

> * [kafka describe](#kafka-describe)	 - Describe a Kafka source

Reviewer 2: inconsistent spell for "kafka", should begin with lower case

Author: fixed.

### kafka create

Create a kafka source

#### Synopsis

Create a kafka source

```

> kafka create NAME --sink SINK [flags]

Reviewer 2: I think all the flags except sink are required for kafka source creation.

Reviewer 2: also, usage should also include being with `kn source`, i.e. 
```
kn source kafka create NAME --servers SERVERS --topics TOPICS --consumergroup GROUP [options]
```

Author: I have added all flags to the usage output.
As to add `kn source` to the usage, it's not easy to fix here. This part of README.md is auto generated by `cobra/doc`.  I could try to change my doc generator tool to add `kn source` in front of command usage. Let's keep it as it in this PR. I will create a new issue.

```

#### Examples

```

> # Creates a new Kafka source named as 'mykafkasrc' which subscribes a Kafka server 'my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka.svc:9092' at topic 'test-topic' using the consumer group ID 'test-consumer-group' and sends the event messages to service 'event-display'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create a new Kafka source 'mykafkasrc' which subscribes a Kafka server 'my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka.svc:9092' at topic 'test-topic' using the consumer group ID 'test-consumer-group' and sends the events to service 'event-display'
```

Author: fixed. Thank you.

### kafka delete

> Delete a Kafka source

Reviewer: Same here...

Author: change all command output to lower case, except the first word of a sentence.
